Hi, welcome to the lesson on Object-Oriented Programming.
You're about to do something that I bet many data scientists have never done before,
build a Python package from scratch.
Have you ever thought about how the scikit-learn,
pandas, and psi pi packages actually work?
I mean, underneath the hood, like,
what exactly does it mean when your code says
"import pandas as pd," and then "pd.read_csv"?
You might not have known it,
but you were using object-oriented programming.
In fact, all of these packages are built using object-oriented programming.
You'll find that object-oriented programming allows you to create
large complex modular programs like the scikit-learn package.
This lesson has two parts.
First, you'll familiarize yourself with object-oriented programming syntax.
Then, you'll build a Python package for analyzing probability distributions.
By the end of the lesson,
you'll have a Python package that you can use as part of your professional portfolio.
You'll also gain insight into how Python packages actually work.
Let's get started with object-oriented programming.